<!-- RATING: MEDIUM -->
<!-- NAME:  BOOT CAMP 1 -->
<!-- GENERATOR: generate.pl -->
# BOOT CAMP 1

Ok, everyone. I assume you've gotten passed the first exercise. If not, well, aren't you just full of self-confidence? Not my problem. You think 
you can hack it here, recruit, far be it from me to get in your way.

So, the AI loves to encode communications. Figures, right? We don't have time to teach you all the encryption schemes, but here's one we saw out in 
the field. Nothing too complicated, by AI standards, but let's see if you can handle it. The encryption uses a variation of what's called a 
Railfence cipher. Basically, you write a sentence in a block structure, then read off the characters in a specific order to get the ciphertext. 
Rearrange them correctly, you got yourself the original message.

Example? Sure. Pay attention, because some folks do it differently. Here's how the AI encoded the message "My apocolypse" with 3 "rails":

	Rail 1 :   ols			XolsX    
	Rail 2 :  ypop		->	ypopX	->	XolsXypopXMacye   
	Rail 3 :  Macye			Macye                                  

Think you got it? Good, let's give it a shot.

## INPUT
You'll get a block of ciphertext generated by the AI railfence encryption scheme. X represents a space. The number of "rails" used will vary, that's a tricky part that you'll have to figure out. Can't make this TOO easy, right?

NOTE: Multiple input case are seperated by a line of percent signs

## OUTPUT
Output the deciphered message.

NOTE: Solutions to test cases should be seperated by a line of percent signs just like the input

## SAMPLE INPUT
	TSEXSET.ETXTTXTS
	%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

## SAMPLE OUTPUT
	TEST TEST TEST.
	%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
